* Signer date-previsionnelle_manuscrits.pdf
* Faire signer date-previsionnelle_manuscrits.pdf a Thierry
* Dossier de Soutenance soigneusement renseigné : ADUM : https://www.adum.fr/phd/profil/affichageweb.pl
* Photocopie de la carte d’étudiant
* Livret de suivi (http://www.adum.fr/script/textes/ToulouseEDSDM_FDsuiv.doc) rempli avec tous les justificatifs d’obtention des crédits nécessaires à la soutenance de la thèse
* Compte-rendu des entretiens avec le parrain de thèse
* Résumé de thèse
* Fiche d’enregistrement ADUM remplie et signée
* TOEIC ou FLE
* Composition du jury : consulter le site WEB de l’ED : www.edsdm.ups-tlse.fr . Veiller (si possible) à y faire figurer la date, le lieu et l’heure de la soutenance
*  Indiquer la date de la soutenance
* Liste des travaux (publications, posters, participation à des séminaires, etc...)
Hybrid stochastic-deterministic calculation of the second-order perturbative contribution of multireference perturbation theory
Y Garniron, A Scemama, PF Loos… - The Journal of chemical …, 2017 - aip.scitation.org
A hybrid stochastic-deterministic approach for computing the second-order perturbative
contribution E (2) within multireference perturbation theory (MRPT) is presented. The idea at
the heart of our hybrid scheme—based on a reformulation of E (2) as a sum of elementary …
Cited by 20 Related articles All 11 versions Web of Science: 13 Import into BibTeX

A Jeziorski-Monkhorst fully uncontracted multi-reference perturbative treatment. I. Principles, second-order versions, and tests on ground state potential energy curves
E Giner, C Angeli, Y Garniron, A Scemama… - The Journal of …, 2017 - aip.scitation.org
The present paper introduces a new multi-reference perturbation approach developed at
second order, based on a Jeziorski-Mokhorst expansion using individual Slater
determinants as perturbers. Thanks to this choice of perturbers, an effective Hamiltonian …
Cited by 9 Related articles All 10 versions Web of Science: 8 Import into BibTeX

Deterministic construction of nodal surfaces within quantum Monte Carlo: the case of FeS
A Scemama, Y Garniron, M Caffarel… - Journal of chemical …, 2018 - ACS Publications
In diffusion Monte Carlo (DMC) methods, the nodes (or zeroes) of the trial wave function
dictate the magnitude of the fixed-node (FN) error. In standard DMC implementations, the
nodes are optimized by stochastically optimizing a short multideterminant expansion in the …
Cited by 10 Related articles All 7 versions Web of Science: 7 Import into BibTeX

Alternative definition of excitation amplitudes in multi-reference state-specific coupled cluster
Y Garniron, E Giner, JP Malrieu… - The Journal of chemical …, 2017 - aip.scitation.org
A central difficulty of state-specific Multi-Reference Coupled Cluster (MR-CC) in the multi-
exponential Jeziorski-Monkhorst formalism concerns the definition of the amplitudes of the
single and double excitation operators appearing in the exponential wave operators. If the …
Cited by 6 Related articles All 8 versions Web of Science: 4 Import into BibTeX

A Mountaineering Strategy to Excited States: Highly Accurate Reference Energies and Benchmarks
…, A Scemama, A Blondel, Y Garniron… - Journal of chemical …, 2018 - ACS Publications
Striving to define very accurate vertical transition energies, we perform both high-level
coupled cluster (CC) calculations (up to CCSDTQP) and selected configuration interaction
(sCI) calculations (up to several millions of determinants) for 18 small compounds (water …
Cited by 3 All 7 versions Import into BibTeX

Selected configuration interaction dressed by perturbation
Y Garniron, A Scemama, E Giner… - The Journal of …, 2018 - aip.scitation.org
Selected configuration interaction (sCI) methods including second-order perturbative
corrections provide near full CI (FCI) quality energies with only a small fraction of the
determinants of the FCI space. Here, we introduce both a state-specific and a multi-state sCI …
Cited by 1 All 5 versions Import into BibTeX

Interplay between electronic correlation and metal-ligand delocalization in the spectroscopy of transition metal compounds: case study on a series of planar Cu …
E Giner, D Tew, Y Garniron, A Alavi - arXiv preprint arXiv:1806.05115, 2018 - arxiv.org
We present a comprehensive theoretical study of the physical phenomena that determine
the relative energies of the three of the lowest electronic states of each of the square-planar
copper complexes $\cucl $, $\cunh $ and $\cuwater $, and present a detailed analysis of the …
Related articles All 2 versions Import into BibTeX 


